1. What is a language ?
	It is a medium of communication between 2 entities or multiple entities

2. What is a program ?
	It is the set of instructions given to the computer.

3. What is programming language?
	It is a mode of communication between human and the computer where the
humans instruct the computer to perform some actions.

4. What is the most important aspect of a computer?
	Central Processing Unit (CPU) ~ Microprocessor
	Microprocessor is made up of semiconductor technology.
	( Made up of transistors (npn or pnp) )
	All semiconductor devices require constant power supply
	The microprocessor can under only voltages (0v or 5v) ~ H/w engineers
	The microprocessor can under only binary (0 or 1) ~ S/w engineers

5. What are the different categories of Programming language ?
	--> Machine Level Language	(MLL)
				It is a language in which the instruction are given in terms of 
binary 0 and biunary 1

	--> Assembly Level Language (ALL)
				It is a language in which the instruction are given in terms of 
neumonics which will be given to another software called as the Assemebler 
which will convert the ALL code to MLL because the processor can understand
only binary 0 and binary 1.

	--> High Level Language (HLL)
				It is a language in which the instruction are given in terms of 
human understandable manner and these instruction will be given to another 
software called as the Compiler which will convert the HLL code to MLL 
because the processor can understand only binary 0 and binary 1.

6. What are the famous HLL that were present before java ?
	--> Basic Combined Programming Language (BCPL)
			Disdvantages:	
				It occupied more memory
				It was unstructured

	--> B language
			Disdvantages:	
				It was unstructured
				It was non-portable
				It was non-object oriented

	--> C language
			Disdvantages:	
				It was non-portable
				It was non-object oriented

	--> C++ Language
			Disdvantages:	
				It was non-portable

	--> Java Language
			Advantage:
				It occupied less memory
				It is portable
				It is object oriented
				It supports internet
		
7. What is non-portability?
		It is a feature where a program written and complied in 1 platform 
cannot be executed in another platform
	--> We can send HLL through the network but we should not send because
of the presence of Hacker.
	
8. What is a platform?
		It is a combination of Hardware (mp) and Software (os)
		(Since we are software engineers we focus only on software)

9. What is portability?
		It is a feature where a program written and complied in 1 platform 
can be executed in any other platform.
	Other names for portability are:
		--> Platform Independency
		--> Arch Neutrality
		--> Write once run anywhere feature (WORA)
		--> Portability

10. Which are the 3 important memory devices of a computer ?
		--> Microprocessor
		--> Ramdom Access Memory	(Primary Memory)
		--> Hard Disk Drive				(Seondary Memory)

11. Why should the computer have the above 3 important memory devices ??
		There is a expectation from the programmer that his memory devices must be:
			--> Fast
			--> Compact
			--> Cheap
			--> Non-Volatile 
	But all these 4 expectations cannot be fulfilled by a single memory device. Hence we have 3
important memory devices.
			--> Fast				(RAM)
			--> Compact			(RAM)	
			--> Cheap				(HDD)
			--> Non-Volatile 	(HDD)

12. What is the meaning of the term orientation ??
		--> Rotation			X
		--> Direction			X
		--> Organization		X
		--> Aim				X
		--> State				X
		--> Way of looking  X
		--> Point of view 	X
		--> Perspective 		YES

13. What is an Object ??
		An object is defined as the real world entity which has an existence

14. What is obejct orientation ??
		Perspective towards a real world entity is called as object orientation

15. What are the principles of Object orientation ?
		We have 5 important principles of object orientation:
		--> The world is collection of objects
		--> No object is useless every object is useful
		--> Every object is under constant interaction and no object is isolated.
		--> Every object belongs to one type and that type in Object Orientation we call it as 
			 a class and the class doesnot exist in reality.
		--> Every object has something and does something
			(Where has represent the property and does represent the behaviour)
		
16. What is a class?
		A class is a blueprint which doesnot have a real world existence. In other words class is 
the type to which an object belongs to.

17. Note: void is used as a return type if incase the method is not returning any value.

18. What are access modifiers ?
		These will specify the accessibility of a particular class or method or variables
		--> public access modifier (most visible)(accessible by all)
		--> protected access modifier
		--> default access modifier
		--> private access modifier (least visible)(not accessible by all)

19. Why is main method important in programming?
		If the program has to get executed then it must be approved by the OS which is the 
boss of the computer.
If the OS has to approve the program execution it expects the program to contain the main
method and hence main method is compulsory in programming.

20. List the steps for java program execution
		1. Write the code 
		2. Save the code with the name same as the Main Class name
		3. Save the code with .java extension
		4. Open command prompt
		5. Locate the folder where the code is saved
		6. use the following command to compile the program
				javac file_name.java --> javac Program1.java
		7. use the following command to execute the program
				java file_name --> java Program1

21. List the steps for java program execution in Eclipse
		1. Open Eclipse
		2. Go to File
		3. Create New Java Project
		4. Give the name of the Project
		5. Right Click on the project 
		6. Create a new class
		7. Give the name of the class
		8. Write the necessary code
		9. Right click on the class
		10. Run as Java Application

22. What is a Data ??
		Data is information

23. What is Data-Type ??
		Type to which the data belongs to.

24. What are the different data types ?
		The data types are classified into 2 categories :
		--> Primitive Data Types
				byte, short, int, long, char, float, double, boolean

		--> Non-Primitive Data Types
				Built in classes (These built in classes must be used by creating objects)
				Byte, Short, Integer, Long, Float, Double, Boolean, String, Char
				Most of the Non-Primitive Data Types are deprecated in latest versions of java

25. Explain the categories under Primitive Data Types
		--> Integer type real world data 			: byte, short, int, long
		--> Character type real world data 			: char
		--> Real Number type real world data 		: float, double
		--> Yes/No True/False type real world data 	: boolean
		
		Generic formula to find the capacity of data type (Signed numbers)
			min : -2^(n-1)
			max: (2^(n-1))-1
			where n = no: of bits
		Generic formula to find the capacity of data type (Un-Signed numbers)
			capacity : 2^(n)		
			where n = no: of bits

	Integer type real world data
		--> byte (signed)
				total number of bytes	: 1
				total number of bits	: 8
				min capacity			: -128
				max capacity			: 127
		--> byte (un-signed)
				total number of bytes	: 1
				total number of bits	: 8
				capacity				: 256

		--> short (signed)
				total number of bytes	: 2
				total number of bits	: 16
				min capacity			: -32768
				max capacity			: 32767
		--> short (un-signed)
				total number of bytes	: 2
				total number of bits	: 16
				capacity				: 65536

		--> int (signed)
				total number of bytes	: 4
				total number of bits	: 32
				min capacity			: -2,147,483,648
				max capacity			: 2,147,483,647
		--> int (un-signed)
				total number of bytes	: 4
				total number of bits	: 32
				capacity				: 4294967296

		--> long (signed)
				total number of bytes	: 8
				total number of bits	: 64
				min capacity			: -9223372036854775808
				max capacity			: 9223372036854775807
		--> long (un-signed)
				total number of bytes	: 8
				total number of bits	: 64
				capacity				: 1.84467441e19
		